analysis of Netflix movie ratings in the U.S
here if I scroll down past our details and get to our visualization section our first
one up is the count of movies released per
year since 1980 grouped by movie rating so up
here I can click on as many or as little of the
rating groups as I want to look at them side
by side over the years I can also hover over
each line to better be able to see which movie
group I'm actually looking at for these lines
scrolling down we have our scatter plot that
is looking at complexity by duration for all
movies but here we're grouping the Same by rating
but we're just looking at your typical G PG PG-13
Etc movie ratings and I can highlight over and it
will highlight the corresponding bar on the bar
plot to the right and what the bar pod is looking
at is it's grouping again by the same movie
ratings but it's looking at the average duration
for all the movies in that rating group and if I
hover over I can look at exactly how many movies
are in that group and exactly what that average
duration is and I can look at this for all of our
movie rating groups as an added bonus I can also
click on one of these and it will pop out a movie
ticket for us so if I click on PG13 it's going to
pop out of movie ticket stub that shows us the
average complexity for all of the movies in that
rating group and I can do this for all of these
and when I'm done I can just clear the output